By using this website, you agree to our use of cookies. We use cookies to provide you with a great experience and to help our website run effectively.

Accept
homeaboutservicesmissiontestimonialscontact
BOOK YOUR EVENT

Sustainable event production, for your business and entertainment. All the services you need - solar power, audio, lighting and equipment rental.

what we do

Ecoboom is a production company that specializes in sustainably powering events, providing sound, lighting and top of the line equipment rental. Events range from small group meetings with a single microphone, to arena-size conferences with concert sound systems. We apply eco friendly technologies for environmentally sound events, delivering top quality services at no cost to the planet.

We also provide DJ services for private events. Our main in house DJ is Jeff Jam, who’s played all around the world, alongside some go the biggest names in music.

Learn More

our services
SOUND & LIGHT PRODUCTION

We will design, deliver, set up and run the audio system and lighting, tailored to your needs. Whether it’s a wedding, corporate event, meditation workshop or a festival. We can make it an experience.

BOOK AN EVENT
DJ and EQUIPMENT RENTAL

We provide a wide array of audio and lighting equipment, available for rent for your event. We supply DJs, DJ equipment, audio systems of any size, dynamic and static LED lighting, projectors and more.

GEAR LIST
MOBILE SOLAR POWER

Our solar trailers and trucks can be taken to any terrain and supply your event with green power by capturing the energy from the sun and sending it out to your equipment.

LEARN MORE
our mission

Ecoboom strives to set an example in the event industry, by applying environmental improvements to minimize the negative impact on our planet.

We created mobile renewable energy vehicles, which capture the energy from the sun that can power your event, anywhere in Northern America. Completely green and environmentally friendly we are pushing the boundaries of what can be done to make the event industry socially conscious.

At the same time, our passion for sound and lighting doesn’t allow us to sacrifice their quality. The sustainable solutions used at ecoboom provide you with crisp sound and beautiful lighting.

0
FAILED CLIENTS

So far, so good! Clean energy and clean slate!

20+
YEARS OF EXPERIENCE

We come with extensive experience in all of the areas of the industry - from sound and electrical engineering, to event production, to DJing and making people dance.

86%
REDUCTION OF CARBON FOOTPRINT

Thanks to using renewable power and applying sustainable solutions when designing our sound systems and lighting, we help substantially reducing the carbon footprint of your event

“

“Ecoboom took our corporate summit to the next level. We were able to design an experience that blew away everyone in attendance. A completely seamless experience. Jeff is a true professional.”

ELI SHUMWAY, TECH ENTREPRENEUR, CEO OF GEN.ZI

“Jeff not only was a great DJ for us, he really helped us to flesh out our ideas about the 'sound' of our event and was even willing to bring production elements to the table. Our celebs loved him! We could not have thanked him enough for his effort and talent.” 

JASON OLIVE, MOVIE PRODUCER, BROTHERS IN LAW TV SHOW
“
introduction
Banner
about
services
our mission
testimonials

ecoboom
Ecoboom LLC.

(310) 905-4683
hello@ecoboom.org

TERMS OF SERVICE